proposal.md, before:

# Data for Research agreement questionnaire - JSTOR

## 1. Project Description
 
We are conducting a study to evaluate trends in major ecological and conservation biology themes throughout the history of these disciplines. The JSTOR Data for Research service would be an ideal data source since it includes the widest range of journals within our fields of interest over the longest time span.

Specifically, we are interested in tracking the prevalence of a list of one-to-four-word terms representing key concepts or themes in ecology and conservation biology. We have begun determining these concepts a priori based on searching current and historical ecology textbooks and based on informal surveys of scientists in the academic, nonprofit, and government sectors. We have three main research questions: (1) What are the emergence dates and overall trends for our themes of interest? (2) How has the half-life of scientific concepts evolved over time? In other words, are scientific concepts more or less likely to "stick" in modern-day research compared to the past? (3) What is the replacement rate of analogous terms (e.g., global warming to climate change) and is this consistent over time? We will use these data to comment on the past, current, and future state of ecological science, and identify areas of growing and waning research interest in ecology and conservation biology.
 
We have systematically considered the JSTOR database listings within the subfields of ecology and biological sciences to determine our search bounds in the JSTOR database. We outline specifics of our request below and would happily provide further details on request. Furthermore, we welcome the involvement of the JSTOR Data for Research team in whatever capacity JSTOR is interested. At the very least, we will follow all terms of the Agreement, acknowledge JSTOR's contributions, and share the results of our research and any publications with the JSTOR team; however, we would also welcome co-authorship on any resulting publications.

## 2. Source of the grant funding and details about the grant:

We are all postdoctoral researchers funded by the David H. Smith Conservation Research Fellowship Program hosted by the Society for Conservation Biology. http://conbio.org/mini-sites/smith-fellows

## 3. What is the nature of the Data to be provided?  

[x] Quadgrams

## 4. What is the scope and nature of the Data to be provided?  

*JSTOR Search URL:*

Paste in `data/generated/urls.txt`

## 5. Please confirm the parameters of your dataset:

*The dataset will be limited to these publication dates:*

All available publication dates for the journals listed in the search URLs.

*The dataset will be limited to these journals:*

All journals listed in the search URLs. The following is a complete list of these journals:

Paste in `data/generated/included-journals.txt`

If it is easier, we could just as easily work with all journals from the "Ecology" and "Biological Sciences" JSTOR subject areas:
http://www.jstor.org/subject/ecology
http://www.jstor.org/subject/biologicalsciences

*If your query will be limited in some other way, please describe:*


## 6. "Key researchers" and their affiliation:

*Others, if any, who are expected to have access to the Data (for example,
graduate students or undergraduates)? Will other outside third parties require
access to the Data? Please explain.*

Although we expect other researchers (largely from the same postdoctoral fellowship program) to be involved with research question development, interpreting the results, and writing any subsequent papers, these collaborating scientists well not require access to the raw data itself. 

## 7. Use of the Data - check all that apply:*
[x] Research

Please explain:

We expect to publish one or more papers in scientific journals based on this research. We are also likely to present the results at scientific conferences.

Commit message:

Add a bit about academic versus commercial purposes

proposal.md, after:

# Data for Research agreement questionnaire - JSTOR

## 1. Project Description
 
We are conducting a study to evaluate trends in major ecological and conservation biology themes throughout the history of these disciplines. The JSTOR Data for Research service would be an ideal data source since it includes the widest range of journals within our fields of interest over the longest time span.

Specifically, we are interested in tracking the prevalence of a list of one-to-four-word terms representing key concepts or themes in ecology and conservation biology. We have begun determining these concepts a priori based on searching current and historical ecology textbooks and based on informal surveys of scientists in the academic, nonprofit, and government sectors. We have three main research questions: (1) What are the emergence dates and overall trends for our themes of interest? (2) How has the half-life of scientific concepts evolved over time? In other words, are scientific concepts more or less likely to "stick" in modern-day research compared to the past? (3) What is the replacement rate of analogous terms (e.g., global warming to climate change) and is this consistent over time? We will use these data to comment on the past, current, and future state of ecological science, and identify areas of growing and waning research interest in ecology and conservation biology.
 
We have systematically considered the JSTOR database listings within the subfields of ecology and biological sciences to determine our search bounds in the JSTOR database. We outline specifics of our request below and would happily provide further details on request. Furthermore, we welcome the involvement of the JSTOR Data for Research team in whatever capacity JSTOR is interested. At the very least, we will follow all terms of the Agreement, acknowledge JSTOR's contributions, and share the results of our research and any publications with the JSTOR team; however, we would also welcome co-authorship on any resulting publications. We will use the data purely for academic (and not commercial) purposes.

## 2. Source of the grant funding and details about the grant:

We are all postdoctoral researchers funded by the David H. Smith Conservation Research Fellowship Program hosted by the Society for Conservation Biology. http://conbio.org/mini-sites/smith-fellows

## 3. What is the nature of the Data to be provided?  

[x] Quadgrams

## 4. What is the scope and nature of the Data to be provided?  

*JSTOR Search URL:*

Paste in `data/generated/urls.txt`

## 5. Please confirm the parameters of your dataset:

*The dataset will be limited to these publication dates:*

All available publication dates for the journals listed in the search URLs.

*The dataset will be limited to these journals:*

All journals listed in the search URLs. The following is a complete list of these journals:

Paste in `data/generated/included-journals.txt`

If it is easier, we could just as easily work with all journals from the "Ecology" and "Biological Sciences" JSTOR subject areas:
http://www.jstor.org/subject/ecology
http://www.jstor.org/subject/biologicalsciences

*If your query will be limited in some other way, please describe:*


## 6. "Key researchers" and their affiliation:

*Others, if any, who are expected to have access to the Data (for example,
graduate students or undergraduates)? Will other outside third parties require
access to the Data? Please explain.*

Although we expect other researchers (largely from the same postdoctoral fellowship program) to be involved with research question development, interpreting the results, and writing any subsequent papers, these collaborating scientists well not require access to the raw data itself. 

## 7. Use of the Data - check all that apply:*
[x] Research

Please explain:

We expect to publish one or more papers in scientific journals based on this research. We are also likely to present the results at scientific conferences.
